[postcss-plugin] Add @layer and polyfill support via @csstools/postcss-cascade-layers (#1072)
facebook/stylex: packages/@stylexjs/postcss-plugin/README.md

### useCSSLayers

```js

> useCSSLayers: 'none' | 'native' | 'polyfill'; // Default: 'none'

Reviewer: We should output layers by default

```suggestion
layers: 'none' | 'native' | 'polyfill'; // Default: 'native'
```

```

> The `useCSSLayers` option controls how StyleX handles CSS specificity and layer
> management. It supports three strategies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `layers` option controls how StyleX handles CSS order. It supports three strategies:
```

> - `'none'` (default): Uses `:not(#\#)` to handle CSS specificity without layers

Reviewer: `none` should not add layers at all and rely only on generated ordering using the "priority"
